### Recently Briefed
Having been in Singapore for over 2 months. I have already got used to life here and found a comfortable living pace to follow. Buying durian at Fairprice, jurong points roughly twice a week. (It's not a season for MSW, red prawn and many other super delicious durian varieties grown in Malaysia. It is believed that many varieties sold these days were imported from Thailand. But still much betther than what I've taste in Pattaya back in recess week half month ago), found the best mix rice and vegie food stall near hall 11, do some indoor exercise on a daily basis. Cutting all the studpid lectures and spend half hour to make up for a 2-hour lecture. Staying up late till 2 or 3 reading *Lord of the Mysteries* and get up at later morning. Going to iot lab after lunch and leave at 5:30 for a lunch. As for the hours left are all mine, I can do whatever I want. Play MHR with BC, play street fighter 6, spend an hour to do some push-ups, have a bowl of instant noodles, scrolling bilibili, revise lecture slide making some preparation for upcoming labs. Everyday can be a flawless work-life balance. 

### What's coming
Gamescom Asia will take place in Singapore from 18-20 october. During which, the SF6 super premiere will be held. Xiaohai, Gachikun, Tokido along with many other top players will be there. Really looking forward to it for it's my first time to attend a SF6 offline event as an audience. Hope I got the chance to watch the grand final and collect some selfies or signatures from the top players!

### Some insights and thoughts
- I tried to listen to some podcasts lately. The first I tried is *Deep Dive with Ali Abdaal*. He upload podcast videos on Youtube every wee. Invite some guests to share some insight while having a genuine conversation. Though he's pronunciation is clear enough, I still struggle to catch up with the content. Especially when they are chatting more casually. Filler words, slangs would come out frequently. I mean, when they are trying to express the idea which just occured to him, the whole sentence might not be so organized. It might have a strange structure. Plus my identity of a non-native speaker, the logic of the sentence in Chiness is already different from that in English, making it even harder to understand. OFC I know I should cultivate a English thinking pattern, but it's never easy. And podcast, compared to TED talk, is more casual, more like a daily conversation. Honestyly, the only problem I found when listening to TED talk is vocabulary. Even if I don't know the exact meaning of a word, I can make a guess based on the context. But for podcast, it's more about the logic of the sentence, the structure of the conversation. 
- Should or should not speak to natives at my level? I mean, I can understand what they are saying, but I can't express myself as fluently as they do. I remember one English related content creator on bilibili said that it's better you just listen to native speakers talks to each others. Cause if you rush to have a conversation as a beginer, it not only can be demoralizing, but also chances are that they have to lower their speaking speed and use simpler words to make you understand which makes the conversation less natural and limit the effectiveness of the practice. I totally agree with this idea. Judging from my experience with one native speaker who share the same course SC2106 with me. I helped him on the lab and we did have some chance to speak to each other. But I can definitely tell that the way he talks with me differs from the way he talks with his friends. So as a result I ddin't really improve to much from the conversation except some buzzwords and Singlish accent-wise.
- I do understand that exchange is a great opportunity to immerse myself in English and make some friends. Well, it turns out that in Singapore, you can just live with Chinese as comfortably as you do in China. So I have to force myself immerse in English by switch social media like Zhihu, bilibili to Twitter, Reddit and Youtube. And I have downloaded English version of *Lord of The Mysteries* which was originally written in Chinese. I believe I have made some progress in terms of scanning the content. But still, it's not as comfortable as Chinese to get information from text. For one thing, reading English text cost a lot of my attention and energy, making me dizzy after reading english content for over 30 minutes. On the other, there still a lot of words, references, memes that keep me from totally understanding the content. Failed to understand most of the post on Twitter without making a search or ask LLM is really frustrating...
I desperately want to boost my English level to a point where I can understand the content without much effort. But god, the more I practice, the more exhausted I feel, the weaker I feel about my English level. I feel like I have reach a bottle neck. How to break through this? Is there anything wrong with my methdodology? Or is it just a matter of time in belief that quantity will eventually lead to quality? I have no clue.

Anyway, that's all for today's casual notes. Tomorrow would be lab 4 of SC2106. Gonna make some preparation for it.

12:00 AM, 17th October, 2024