## Recently Briefed
It's been a while since last time I wrote a casual note. Just feel a bt lazy and tired lately, not feeling up to dwon for a new one. But well, I'm here again. 
My research project hasn’t been progressing smoothly lately, and I feel stuck. We wate two weeks of time trying to integarte the caric mission into aerial gym simulator(a isaacgym extension developed by NTNU) Cause we only found that isaac gym does not support a true multi-agent task and is deprecated by navida team already. So we have to switch to isaac lab and isaac sim which are now under maintenance and frequently updated. The good news is that it has great performance, make the most of our devices, also the tutorial provided by nvidia is great. However, it does not make the steep learning curve any easier. We have to learn the new API, the new environment, the new way to interact with the environment, the new way to train the model. It's like we have to start from scratch. We haven't even tried to integrate it with caric, we are already facing a bunch of problem. Phew, plus my exchange semester is coming to an end, I need to spare some time to preparing my final exam as well. I'm feeling sort of stressed out..

### About th Super Premier Singapore
Ah, let's write something about the super premier singapore as well. It's my first time to ever attend an offline fighting event. And it turned out to be a super great experience. TBH, it's completely different from watch a competition online. The vibe, the energy, the atomosphere, the excitement, the tension really raise your adrenaline. It's just so different. I was so lucky to sit on the second row right behind the players, like DCQ, Zhen, Oil king, Leshar... I really want to take as much selfie with all these top players as I can, but I don't want to bother them since they got games to play. Especially when it close to his turn or after he lost the game. And, you know, I have a little bit socialphobia. So at the end, I only take selfie with Tokido, Moke, Tachikawa and Endingwalker. But still， what a exprience. Perhaps one day I'll be on that stage as a player too. Who knows?

### Games played recently
- **Monster Hunter Rise**: I've just picked it up again with ZBC. Monster hunter wilds is coming on February 2025, there're still 3 month's vacancy, so he just want to play some MHR to kill this time. Although I've played MHR for nearly 300 hours, I didn't dive as deep as I did in MHWI which I've played for more than 1000hr and even once made some records. This time, after 2 or 3 weeks, we have reached M4, have to admit that, the design on the moveset and weapon machanics are exceptional. Having a much better experience than MHWI.

- **Street Fighter 6**: Ah, I'm getting a little bit tired to just stick to playing sim. And as I climb the rank, I realized that lacking of the knowledge of other characters really blocked my way to a higher rank. So, in the past few weeks, I dropped sim and tried to get some character to master rank as well. So far, I have Rashid, Honda, Dhalsim, Manon and DJ to master rank already. I'm working on Kimberly right now. It's tougher than I've expected. Since a lot people argue that once you have one character to the master rank, it would be much easier to get the rest to the same place. But even though I reached MR1700 with Dhalsim, it still took me one week or so to get one character to master. This game highly relies on muscle memory. So when I pick up a brand new character, besides the frame data, combo, frame kill, oki setup to learn, I have to spend some time forgetting the muscle memory of the previous character as well as forming the muscle memory of the new character. It's a tough job. Can't say I enjoy it, especially when you are making two much mistakes due to this muscle memory, whether dropping a combo, missing a punish, or even worse, doing a wrong move. But it feels great when I finally make one to the master rank.

- **Monster Hunter Wilds Beta V0:** Highly anticipated and eagerly awaited Wild-Beta has finally arrived. 


