### How is it going?
It's less than a month before the end of my exchange semester. Looking back, I just feel a little bit down in the dumps. It's not quiet rich and full a semester. I felt sort of guilty of skipping all the lectures, staying up late every night and getting up when it's almost noon or even later. I didn't make any friends with locals or even have a deep conversation with other Chinese exchange students. Got stuck in a really bad routine and waste all my energy and time. As for the lab, it's no different from working, I could have make some pregress on the caric mission project but I failed so. Plus, I don't think I've boosted my English level as much as I expected. It's like a vicious circle: with my poor english level, I don't have the confidence to start a conversation with locals, thus letting the chance to improve my English slip away. Every time I scrolling through Twitter, seeing all those posted by native speaker, I be like, WTF are they talking about? Are we even using the same language? It's not only about the vacabulary, but also the logic and structure of a sentences and meme, cultural gap within. It makes me doubt my english proficiency and feel like I'm not making any progress. I even feel like I'm not gonna be assimilated into US or Singapore if I ever immigrate to these countries. 
Ahh, so much negaticity. Sometimes I wonder if I have pushed myself too hard. Would life be easier if I just keep my desire minimal. Find a job in China, or even in my hometown, make an average level of income, perhaps never got married, never have kids, visit my parents once a week, play videos. Engaged in a career that I never feel passionate about, but at least I can make a living. I don't need to chase big, dream big, think big. Crammed on the subway with all the other workers, just going through the motions. At work, all I'm thinking about is what to eat after, what games to play or what shows to watch at night. In a crowd, you'll never tell me apart from anyone else, just another regular person, blending right in with the sea of salarymen. Maybe I can treat myself to a nice meal once a while, but in that way, It'll be hard to afford a house, a world tour. Even if I bought a house, I'll spent rest of my life paying off the mortgage. Isn't that a slave or a master of life? What if working for a huge Internet complex, with a high salary, but works from nine in the morning to nine at night, six days a week. Achiveing financial freedom at the age of 35. But still another screw in the huge machine of the company. I don't know. I'm just feeling a little bit lost momentarily.

### What immigration can bring to me?
With Trump winning the 2024 US election and poised to return to the White House next January. It is anticipated that the US will be less friendly to foreign immigrants. Plus the tension between China and the US, as well as the policies Trump has enacted during has last tenure, both J1 and H1B visas are likely to be more difficult to obtain. On top of that, robotics and AI are STEM related displines...
The reformations of the US goverment with its new policies may have a direct impact on my summer research program, my choices and my future career. Worse still, thousands of Chinese students who are just as ambitious as me, who are trying to avoid the overwhelming and violent competition in China, who are seeking an oppotunity in the western world like US may have to change their destination to, for example Singapore or HK making the competition in these regions even more fierce. (It's already worse enough compared to western countries since there are so many Chinese students here. NTU and NUS are taking advantages of their high ranking in the world to attract Chinese students to pay the high tuition fee. However, local policies are not friendly for foreigner to find a decent job, only cheap labour are welcome. So you have to compete with other fellow Chinese master students.)
I was so determined to immigrate to the US or Singapore, but now my stance is shaken. The culture gap seems to be unbridgeable. Chances are that my circle of friends will all be Chinese even if I move to another country. Plus, my parents are not very supportive on this issure, they insist I work in China wherever I finished my degree. I love them, and I have no siblings with me, so I have to take their old-age well-being into consideration as well. 

### About the relations of China and the US -- John Mearsheimer
OK, here is the thing. John Mearsheimer took a visit to China lately referred by the translator of his famous book *The Tragedy of Great Power Politics*. I happened to watch an exclusive interview of him and get to know some of his idea and his stance. I don't know him nor his point of view before, but I found it interesting and worth writing and re-thinking.

??? info "John Mearsheimer"
    Here's a little background of him. John Mearsheimer is a political scientist and international relations scholar, who is a proponent of offensive realism. He is the R. Wendell Harrison Distinguished Service Professor of Political Science at the University of Chicago. He has written several books, including *The Tragedy of Great Power Politics*.

The main idea of his theory is that the international system is anarchic, meaning that there is no higher authority above states(i.e. nation). States are the primary actors in the international system, and they are rational actors that seek to maximize their power. Mearsheimer argues that states are primarily concerned with their own security and survival, and that they will seek to increase their power relative to other states in order to ensure their security. He also argues that states are inherently aggressive and that they will seek to dominate their region in order to ensure their security.
His quiet confident about his theory since it can be quiet explanatory to the current situation of the world. Apply it to the relations between China and the US, he believes the shift in balance of power between the two great power causes the tension and the conflict between them. 
Looking back, China and the US maintain a good relations from 1991 to roughly 2017 when Trump took office. That's also when the US realized that China is a potential threat to its hegemony. It's not about ideology, but about power. However, both states love to use ideological rhetoric to justify their own stance. That's why people are easily misled by the media and the government and believed that the conflict between China and the US is about democracy and anthoritarianism. Huh, that's an interesting perspective. About China, all the anthoritarianism, the human rights abuse, the censorship, or the US on the other side, the division, the racism, the gun violence, the LGBTQ issues, are all designed to make the other side look bad while maintaining their own image. Feel persuasive.
He also gave his prediction, even the sanctions may not be effective, the US has shown its resolution to contain China, capping the advanced technology including semiconductor and AI. We could anticipate that the competitio is gonna last for decades even through the entire 21st century. 
There's also some criticism. 